Yunhan, don't sow discord with me
I swear to God
This life
Only love one young person
Same business.
You told me that three years ago
Lin Linghan
Don't you love me?
What's wrong with you feeling wronged for me?
What's wrong with you cuckolding for me?
What's wrong with sacrificing everything for me?
This is called love, do you understand?
You're pestering me like this now
It will only make me look down on you
Son, don't talk nonsense with this pheasant
Sign it, and from now on, two wide
How
Don't regret it.
regret
I think I regret marrying you, an inferior person
You are a stain on my son's brilliant resume
You don't know yet
The true god behind the black gold group will announce my brother as the new Fengcai at the Fengxi banquet
That's really a leap to the sky
And it's all thanks to Miss Fang
Envy is useless
After all, our social status
The difference is better than the eyes
You said that Gu Shichen became the president of the Black Gold Group
It's because of you
Certainly.
I guess you're right.
We are indeed the difference between fish mud
But it's you and me.
It's a waste of time to break it out.
Take the money and get out
Go, go, go
Go away, I don't like this money
From now on, I will see the Gu family again